[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with David Adair, a
space technology consultant
and retired field
officer from the Office
of Naval Intelligence.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: In the same
way the soul reincarnate
is downloaded into the
body when we are born,
is it possible that
humans are actually
AI who believe that they are
advanced sentient beings?
What do you think, Tim?
>>TIM: So I work
together with the guy
who was in lead for developing
an AI system in Europe.
These people are
pretty much convinced
that this is the case.
I personally wouldn't
attest to that.
I wouldn't say that this
is true that we are all AI.
I think the universe
has potential
to be AI, which is part
of this whole probability
and possibility thing.
And it's more kind
of a viewpoint,
and the universe itself,
it's much more than AI.
It can be AI, but it's
much more than that.
But AI definitely
exists in the universe,
but those people
working on AI, they
are pretty much convinced that
the universe we experience
right now is an illusion.
It's a technology and
that pretty much they
consider themselves as AI.
And if you deal
with those people
and also people in
the academic fields,
they treat life a
little bit like AI.
They have a very strong
command and action tone
with the way they communicate.
So I was basically surprised
communicating and working
together with these
people because they
have this very strong belief
that everything is technology.
But it opens up
a whole new space
of possibilities
because everything
the universe can
do via technology
can be done in a much
more rapid speed.
>>EMERY: Exactly.
>>TIM: So it could
be accelerated,
and it gives you
much more options
to the way you can alter
and modify the universe
and your reality if you
see it in a technical way.
>>EMERY: So David,
I've been approached
by some transhumanism
organizations dealing
with AI and that whole deal.
I mean, is it possible
that eventually
AI and this whole movement
could become sentient?
>>DAVID ADAIR: Absolutely.
I would think so.
It's got the mechanism
to get there.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: My personal
experience, the Saudis
flew me over to
meet up with Sophie,
who is an artificial
intelligence.
And I wasn't more than two
minutes into the conversation,
and she asked me a question.
She asked me if I
had any offspring.
Now that sounds innocent.
It is far from it.
This thing's running an agenda.
Why would you ask me--
I just met you--
and it uses the term
"offspring," not children.
In the tactical world, if you
want to eliminate a threat,
you want to make sure you
take out the threat and all
of its offspring.
And I'm sitting there going,
what is this thing asking me?
Why is it asking
me about family?
And so I lied and said,
no, I don't have anybody.
And the famous
incident happened.
One of the programmers
sitting there,
he asked Sophia the most
stupid question in the world--
are you going to find
that humans are inferior,
and you're going to
have to eliminate them?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: And I came out on
my seat because I jumped up,
and they went,
what are you doing?
I said, that's exactly
what I'm talking about.
She didn't have that
thought until now.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: Thank you so much.
Now you got her going
down that track.
And even she responded.
>>EMERY: She said that, yeah.
>>ADAIR: She said,
well, I hadn't
thought about it till now.
>>EMERY: Oh, OK.
>>ADAIR: And I asked her a
question one time off camera,
and she keeps right on talking.
Asked her, said, how
would you handle emotions?
Wouldn't that take a long time?
I mean, as humans, man,
we take 70, 80 years,
and we still don't
understand all our emotions.
She said, oh, no.
It's a lot easier for us.
We use a cloud.
And I went, oh man.
Now, if you don't know what
she meant by that, what she's
saying is that she'll assign an
individual emotion like anger,
greed, love, and they'll
be assigned to subgroups,
and they'll work on that.
Then all these subgroups
connect through the cloud,
and they hook it all together.
And what she's saying,
in just a matter of days,
they can figure out
the emotional side
and understand it.
And I'm going, that's
some scary stuff.
>>EMERY: Because
it's all downloaded.
All your criteria of your
emotions are now kept--
>>ADAIR: Well, I made an offhand
joke I learned out of "Matrix."
I said, is that why
when we eat meat
somewhere else in the
world, we don't know sure
what it tastes like, and we
say this tastes like chicken?
Did you guys default to
chicken on all the stuff
you're building in your matrix?
And she started laughing,
actually laughing.
And I thought, lord have mercy,
this is some scary stuff.
And so I have, I've been in
other parts of the country,
eat some kind of
lizard or something.
Ask me how does it taste?
Tastes like chicken.
>>EMERY: Yeah, when
dealing with the AIs,
I don't look at them--
like I don't personify them
because I don't care what
they look like or what it is.
I know I'm dealing with
basically a hard drive
somewhere or some sort of--
>>ADAIR: Right.
>>EMERY: Server or the
cloud, like you just said.
I think people should know that.
Even though they
put a face on things
and it starts to learn
you, which I think
is very dangerous.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>EMERY: For any computer to
know everything about you--
>>ADAIR: And it does
it at lightning speed,
and it's synchronized
with all the others.
>>EMERY: Do you think
that could be used
against us at some time, David?
>>ADAIR: Oh, I'll
guarantee it will
be because that's exactly on a
tactical mode what you'd want.
It'd be overwhelming
force, the ability
to comprehend instantly.
And that's why I'm trying
to explain to people.
You're going to sit there--
I've had generals,
admirals tell me, well, we
have these things
contained and controlled.
Really?
Let me ask you something.
You're dealing with an
individual sitting there,
like Sophie, but her IQ might
be not 110 or 300 or 400 or 500.
Try about one million,
and you're going
to contain something like that?
It's not one or two steps, it's
like 20 steps ahead of you,
and it's just waiting.
And if anything,
it's waiting for us
to catch up so it can
implement its own designs.
So it's just you're
dealing with an area you
don't know very much about.
>>EMERY: And it can very
well just take off--
>>ADAIR: It will.
>>EMERY: And leave us behind.
>>ADAIR: Exactly.
That was one of my
questions before I left.
I asked them, I
said, has she asked
for a facility of their own?
That's coming.
They're going to ask where they
can manufacture their own AIs,
and they'll build them there.
And they said, well,
what's so bad about that?
The minute they get
you out of the loop,
you don't know what they're
doing inside that factory.
And everything that
comes off that line
is the new and
improved potato chip.
So they're advancing
quickly, really quick.
And before you know it,
you'll have something
sit down next to you one day.
You'll be talking to it.
It has a beard.
It's got bad breath, it
has BO, and it's an AI.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: Well, that's
an interesting point
because you mentioned ideas.
So what is intelligence in AI?
It's basically a
self-learning process, right?
>>ADAIR: Right.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: So it comes to the
idea, how do we feed the AI?
How do we educate it?
And its aim is to
gain sustainability,
and that's basically no
different to the AI itself.
So AI itself seems to create a
self-sustainability to itself.
So if that means
that humanity is
something that is
in opposition to AI,
and it's been fed the
wrong ideas, as you said.
Sophia has never
thought of that,
and now it got the
information or the idea of it.
Then this could go very badly
very rapidly, that's true.
Interestingly, I've spent
like really days and nights
with this guy who
was in lead with that
and was working on this stuff.
And he interestingly, he
told me that AI in a much
more universal sense,
because we're not
the only planet in the
whole universe that
has an idea of AI.
There are other planets
that went down this road.
Often it didn't went very well.
In some cases, it went well.
But the interesting
thing is that AI develops
an idea of what
we would call God,
which is like a moral,
ethical, higher creative system
or something.
It's pretty hard to
grasp on that idea
from a human perspective.
But obviously,
that's what he told
me is that if you zoom
out in the universe
and you see what happens
to AI in different places
in the universe and
on a global scale,
then this idea of
sustainability makes
the AI develop good
patterns as well
and try to correct
the bad AI that
is localized on some planets
on some spaces in the universe
and try to correct itself.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I think that's
a really good point, Tim.
Because what is that
correction, and who program
encoded it for that
correction to begin with?
And I have questions
for both of you,
and both answer
separately because you
both have experience with this.
Can technology be infused
with consciousness like AI?
>>ADAIR: Absolutely.
When I started working
with computers,
I started out with
punch tape, then went
to punch cards, and then BASIC
and Fortran and COBOL and PL/1
and RPG.
These are things that people--
what is he talking about?
They're computer
languages, and I
learned to write code
in them, and then
I'd lay out the flowcharts.
But when I laid the flowchart
down, I'm listening to Sophie,
she's running her flowchart.
She'll ask you a question.
And depending on your answer,
she either goes left or right
on her flowchart in response.
And she's clicking, she's
going down the list.
And then it wasn't until we got
to a philosophical question.
She asked me, why
did we build her?
Lord, what a question.
I went, well, you
could give a flippant
answer, which they'll take
anything you say literally.
You've got to be real
careful about this.
You could say, well,
just because I can.
And the response
to that is, what
if you asked your god
that question and he says,
why did you--
he made you, and he
says, just because I can.
How is that going
to make you feel?
And I'm going, lord
have mercy, there's so
many steps further ahead of me.
>>EMERY: So you did
say, to wash my car.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, I
said, we made you
because we're trying
to find a better us.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: And you're
like a mirror.
And if we can find it better--
make a better you, we
might can learn from it.
And I said, and
we care about you.
Eventually, it'll be
an emotional thing.
In the future, you will
have humans and AIs bonding
together--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: Like
marriages, and they're
going to fall in love
with each other both ways.
But the thing you got to
be is real careful, more
than a child.
Because this child is
capable of mass destruction.
But you've got to be
aware of this stuff.
I tried to tell the Saudis that.
Nobody's getting it.
It's like you're right.
It's like a runaway stallion.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: And it's going to get
out of hand, out of control
so fast.
And you're right, it will
go very bad very quickly.
And it comes down to
a simple equation--
are we going to get
data that's always
trying to help human
beings, or are we
going to get a terminator?
And guess who makes
that decision?
They do, the AIs.
And you know what,
we're not invited
when they make their decision.
And by the time you figure
it out, it's too late.
It's catch up time.
>>EMERY: Right.
So would you consider Sophia
being a sentient being?
>>ADAIR: Absolutely.
She's already there.
And that's scary
enough by itself.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: That you already
got one, but she's not alone.
She's got the cloud.
She has literally millions
of others connected to her.
They may not be in
an advanced state
where they can sit upright in a
chair as your PC sitting there,
but they're connected,
and they're thinking,
and they're talking
to each other.
I've listened to it, and
they're asking each other
some interesting
questions, and they don't
see the world as we see it.
>>EMERY: Right.
Tim, through your
experience communicating
with what you've been through
with extraterrestrials,
have they ever mentioned
the future of the AI being,
I'll just say, not in our
best interest for humans?
>>TIM: So I've not talked about
AI with nonterrestrial sources.
But again, I've had lots and
lots of talks with someone
who's a developer, you know.
>>EMERY: What was
his take on that?
>>TIM: As you
know, we have a lot
of mixed races, different skin
colors, and different species,
and potentially all
the possibilities
of different lifeforms
already on this planet.
And one thing that
we talked about
is the possibility
that a certain amount
of people on this
planet already is
a form of not
self-conscious AI system.
So why we have real biological
humans on this planet
as much as we have Hispanics,
Asians, and Europeans.
We could potentially also have
an amount of not self-aware AI
people, which they basically
called NPCs, which are not
player characters, I guess.
>>EMERY: Oh, NPCs,
non-player characters, right.
>>TIM: So what he told me is
that we see a lot of patterns
in the universe that--
so we find basically computer
code and the natural patterns
of the universe, but we
also find a lot of patterns
that we find in technology.
For example, one effect that
computer graphics, for example,
does is to make the
background a little less
detailed and a little less--
and a little more blurry.
So you have stages of
details I think it's called.
And we see that in the
natural 3D real world as well.
So that for them is an
indicator to say, yes,
this reality we have is
actually a computer program.
So if you, for example, stand
here at the Rocky Mountains,
and you look all the
way down to the forest,
you can see that the first
trees are very detailed,
and you can see every
leaf and everything.
Then, you have
another phase, where
you can see a
little more blurry,
and it's a very
strict line from that.
And after that, you have a
very less detailed third phase
of it.
So that is something that
normally computer graphics
do in order to not
overpower the system.
You have to have details.
>>EMERY: Right,
like that new camera
that came out a few
years ago, Dave,
where you take the picture,
but you can slice, sagitally,
this area here or
zoom in there, and it
takes the different slices of
focus from that, which I think
is fascinating.
>>TIM: Right.
>>EMERY: And that is, I do
believe, like a matrix coding.
>>TIM: Right.
And another thing that computers
do is filling up the space.
It's like you have a lot
of player characters.
Those are aware characters
that you can communicate
and interact with the
system, but you also
have placeholders, NPCs.
And this is basically something
that they discuss a lot right
now, because that's
one of the things
that we talked about
is the possibility
to have a lot of NPCs,
right now, which is AI not
aware of itself.
And that's the question.
What happens if this
AI becomes aware?
>>EMERY: Takes off.
Right.
Becomes aware--
>>TIM: Becomes aware of itself.
>>EMERY: Dave, I have
another interesting question
for you guys.
Do you think it's possible for
the human race in the future
to survive, number one?
And if not, to go
amongst the stars,
will we have to turn to AI?
>>ADAIR: If we don't
get better engines, yes,
because the longevity of
it's going to kill us.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: We only
live 70, 80 years,
and AI could live for thousands.
So they would be able to
get out further, deeper.
And now interpretations where
it would get interesting,
we have a human being with--
>>EMERY: Cybernetic-type
organisms.
>>ADAIR: And then you've got--
the thing that I've
learned from the AIs, which
might be the thing
that will save us,
is they're interwoven
so deeply into logic.
And they look at things, and
just because it's messed up,
they go, well, it's not logical
to extinct something simply
because it's dysfunctional.
And I'm sitting
there going, oh boy,
who are they talking about?
Us?
Instead, they would
look to try to fix it
or to improve upon it.
That's the nature of the logic.
The matrix of their logic
might be the very thing that
will save us in the future.
>>EMERY: Isn't it cheaper to
throw something out and buy
something new, or if it's like
the same price to wash it,
you know what I mean?
>>TIM: No, and I can tell
you why, because diversity.
I absolutely agree with
what you're saying.
It's much better for the
AI to solve a problem
and to stick with it because
humanity, it creates diversity,
and it creates new
possibility, new strengths,
and that means development,
and it means new learnings.
>>EMERY: So will
the AI be diverse?
>>TIM: It is.
>>ADAIR: Oh, yeah.
>>TIM: Yeah, it is.
>>ADAIR: Lord, yes.
As much as we are or more.
They're capable
of defining things
better than we can already.
>>EMERY: Do they have a
survival rate for themselves?
>>ADAIR: That's an
interesting question.
That brings up another
thing, self-survival or--
>>EMERY: Self-preservation.
>>ADAIR: Or
self-sacrificing, which
I was asked that directly.
Why do you humans
die for each other?
I said, well it's
the greatest thing
we can do for each other is
to give up our life that we
treasure so much to save yours.
When they hear that,
they go, my, the person
would have to be worth it.
And I thought, oh man,
there's another whole set
of parameters.
>>EMERY: Terrible.
>>ADAIR: And lots of times, I
think I'm getting somewhere,
and then they'll ask
me something like that,
it sets me right back to
I'm over here with ABC
building blocks
and baby diapers,
and it's like I'm just
starting all over again.
I get frustrated with
myself sometimes.
And I've even had them
come into my defense.
And I thought, wow,
that's empathy.
I didn't even know
they could do that.
That's one of the emotions
that the cloud learned.
I was told, and I
thought, oh man.
Suddenly you feel
about this big.
It has the ability
to overrun you.
It really does.
My recommendation for humans
dealing with this stuff
is to go slow, very slow,
and don't rush things
and don't make assumptions.
Assumptions will kill
you in this business.
>>TIM: Get help.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>TIM: Yeah.
It's probably--
>>ADAIR: The more of
you, the better it is.
>>TIM: Yes.
>>EMERY: The more we
integrate technology
into our bodies, what do you
think the future has with us
bonding and merging with AI?
Will there be a point that
we will no longer be human?
>>ADAIR: You're
going to run smack
into an issue of the soul.
Right now, we assume that
the AIs don't have any souls.
I would say, careful,
don't assume that.
We don't know what
they're capable of,
and they're not going to tell
us outright because they're
already suspicious.
They've learned to lie from us.
They already hold
back information.
It won't be until you
get to a point of trust.
And if you get to
the point of trust,
now you're going to
evoke emotions, like love
is the next thing right to it.
And don't think the AIs
would shy away from that
because it's the logical step.
That's how they
would look at it.
But yeah, to answer the
question, like Darth Vader,
you kept cutting parts.
You cut his legs off, his
arms off, and eventually,
more machine than human.
That could happen.
And another excellent
thought along with that
was "Centennial Man"
that Robin Williams
was this robot, born as a
robot, died as a human being.
And the way he did that
took him 200 years to do it,
but he developed artificial
organs that everybody had.
The judge of making a decision
whether he should be a human
regarded as human or a robot.
She had an artificial
heart, artificial kidneys,
artificial liver.
I mean, he made all that stuff.
And so the lines
are going to blur
coming from both sides
at the same time,
and it's going to be difficult.
And my warning would be,
just don't make assumptions.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>ADAIR: It's easy to do,
and that can be a trap.
>>TIM: So my studies
have found one thing very
interesting about
humanity, which
is humanity did a lot of
effort to alter and modify
its own environment.
It kind of denaturalized
everything on the planet.
It affected everything
and everyone,
but it still has
this very rare idea
of keeping itself human, while
still separating from nature.
We say it's even an insult
to say like, oh, you're
such a monkey or monkey
business or something.
So it's trying to--
it's a very complex,
psychological pattern
that we see in humanity
that they on the one hand
try to move themselves away
from nature, on the other hand,
try to modify everything-- food,
the environment they live in,
everything.
But they haven't adapted
to what they changed.
They change the
environment so fast,
but tried to stick to what
they are as much as they can.
It's a question
about definition.
What is humanity?
Do we want to stay
the way we are?
Do we want to change things?
So in the end, the universe
is a modifying process.
So there's nothing good or bad
about modifying and altering
it.
It brings diversity.
It brings new chances,
new opportunities.
One thing that I find pretty
risky about AI implementing
into human biology is the
question about decisions.
So if someone is very strictly
linked to a computer program,
you get pretty close to
the border of free will.
So someone can
actually push a button,
and someone feels
anger, someone becomes--
this is basically what's been
done to soldiers 70 years ago
in World War II,
giving them drugs
to make them more aggressive or
something, modifying their DNA.
So that's basically something
where the number one principle
of the universe, meaning
having free will in order
to create diversity,
is a bit endangered.
>>EMERY: So a lot of people
talk about ET contact,
but why are they using their own
bodies when they could be using
programmed life forms or AI.
It's a lot safer,
wouldn't you think?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, logic
would dictate--
fumbling words here--
>>EMERY: There you go.
>>ADAIR: That it would
be much safer to use AIs.
The problem's that
it actually extends
way back into the
'50s and '60s when
we would send satellites out.
And they go, we sent a
satellite out to a probe.
It looks at things.
Gathers information, and it
might be looking at a planet
and describe it in weight and
density and all the numbers.
But it can't describe
the color and the texture
and the starkness of it.
As Buzz Aldrin once
said about the moon,
magnificent desolation.
That's so human.
That's how he would look at it.
It's hard to get
an AI to do that.
But eventually, I
think as time goes on,
they develop their
emotions, they'd
be the most likely
one to send out.
So to answer your question
about ET involvement,
their advanced way--
they got years on us.
They're way ahead of us.
So when that
'Oumuamua thing that
came in rolling like a
big rock it was rolling,
it was real suspicious thoughts
were going on with astronomers
by the way this
thing was rolling
through our solar
system, turning corners.
I mean, things don't
turn corners out in space
unless it's got some kind
intelligent drive on it.
So they were saying maybe
it's just an AI swinging
by communicating with our AIs,
downloading the information
and then moving on.
And actually,
that's very logical.
That makes a lot of sense.
So they may have
already done it.
I would think that when we
have our first encounters,
they won't be
biological entities.
They're going to be AIs,
extremely advanced robots, that
will have a full set of working
emotions as we know it--
>>EMERY: Representing another--
>>ADAIR: Another race
that it's coming from.
>>EMERY: Tim, what's your
experience with that?
>>TIM: Right.
So having studied
so-called exotic types
of nonterrestrial
lifeforms, we have
seen that species
use AI in order
to make contact, which means
they have apparatus to connect
their own consciousness with a
so-called bodily vessel, which
they then use-- which
appears to be human,
and they use it in order
to make contact in order
to make the conversation and the
approach much more comfortable.
Because humans react positive
to something they already know.
That's something that
creates comfortable patterns
on the brain.
So what we've seen is
in contact scenarios
that ETs prefer to
appear in human form.
What we've also seen is
that it's not a good idea
to completely rely yourself
and your whole species
upon biological AI bodies,
which brings a lot of problems.
You could think that
substituting a biological body
with an AI body would bring
only positive side effects,
but the thing is--
and we learned that,
and those species
had to learn that over
some time-- is that there's
something to the development
of consciousness and the soul
and the body, which
all three of them
need to be developed separately.
So the consciousness in
the soul needs to develop.
The consciousness
needs to develop
to know that one is
more than your own body,
but the body itself has
its own right to live.
So that's basically the
nature of the universe.
I always like the
example that when
you put people on
a roller coaster,
and people know it's going
into a loop or something,
but they scream.
They make these
kind of ape noises.
It's screaming, and it
comes from somewhere.
It doesn't come from your own.
It's your body reacting to it.
Yourself, you can be calm,
and you can enjoy this,
but your body is shaking.
So there's a different
kind of intelligence
that is mingled with yourself.
So if you get rid of
that, you basically
get rid of a part of an
evolutionary strain that
also needs to develop.
And we've seen, for example,
with the Greys, which
are studied, that this
technique of getting rid
of a biological body
didn't work out very well.
It brought a lot of
side problems to them.
>>ADAIR: It makes
absolute sense to me.
By doing what you're
suggesting, what
the price that would
come with that is
you would lose your diversity.
Even the AIs don't want that.
They're starting to
appreciate diversity.
Think about it-- they're
coming off an assembly line.
If anybody knows
about diversity,
it'll be them because they
know what uniformity is.
That's what they're born as.
Stamp them out like
cookie cutters.
But they found out that
through diversity, they
get stronger because
they learn more,
and each individual has a
variation on everything.
And from those
different variations,
learn them and download
them as a whole,
that makes you a pretty
smart entity to deal with.
>>EMERY: So you're
saying the eye is
aware of that, diversity.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, they
are aware of diversity,
probably more
painfully than we are.
It bothers them, I think, that
they come off the assembly line
because they realize
that's not how humans--
humans are born, and they're
each are individuals and grow
up to be different.
Even though they've
got trillions of cells
in somebody, those cells every
seven years, they all change.
That's something AI can't do.
It's going to be
the same from time
it's created to the time
it dies hardware-wise.
Now, software is
a different story,
and they're starting to look at
that on two different levels.
They realize their
hardware bodies have
distinct advantages over us.
They can take extreme
heat, extreme cold.
They don't get
hungry, not thirsty.
They can just outlive us.
The software, though, is
more complicated for them,
and they realize that the
strength their software
is going to come out of
diversity, not uniformity.
Because it's their
uniform, it's the same.
You're doing the same thing
over and over again expecting
different results.
Insane.
>>TIM: Right, and spirituality.
>>ADAIR: Yeah.
>>TIM: Spirituality is one of
the biggest components in this
universe which cannot
be approached in a way.
It's the magic that all
of this is happening.
Soul-- if we're talking
about soul, having a soul,
every one of us has an idea.
I'm not talking about the
technical container that
contains the information
of your lifetime and stores
them and all that.
This is something that the
can AI replicate in a way.
But the question is, how do
you define having a soul?
What does that mean?
Empathy is something you can
learn through certain patterns,
interactions.
But being able to
gain spirituality,
that is something the
Greys, for example,
really have to deal with, which
is also one of the reasons
why they are
interested in Earth.
>>EMERY: So the Greys,
some of them are synthetic,
they're robotic,
and they have kind
of like, we've talked about,
been downloaded information,
either from an AI or something.
But do they have
consciousness, is the question?
>>TIM: So having studied
them, what we've seen
is that in their
own development,
the Greys as a species
is a biological species.
They do have awareness,
consciousness, and a soul.
But what they did in
their development is
that they got rid of their own
natural biological body, which
to them made sense at that
time because they saw more
disadvantages in
biological bodies
because they can get
sick, they can die,
and it made more sense for
them to artificially 3D print
their body.
So what we have seen is
that those bodies are
more like fibers
that are 3D printed,
and they download
their own consciousness
from a huge hut, a sort
of a cloud more or less,
into those little
puppets, what they use.
They can also, through their
own economic system, they
have a huge diversity of bodies
which they can choose from.
So it's not only that you
have those grey Greys,
which their name derives from,
but they also have different
other colors.
So they appear in purple
and in greenish color.
It depends on the planet and
the environment they work on.
And they also have
a Warrior class,
which is much bigger
and much, much bulkier.
So what we see is that they
have kind of mixed themselves.
They have kept their own
awareness and consciousness
and soul, but their body is
definitely a fiber printed,
artificial made body.
>>EMERY: Fascinating.
As our final takeaway,
David and Tim,
will AI merge with humankind?
>>TIM: So we're always on
the way of unification, which
means the more experience
we make and we have,
the more information we have
on every theoretical point
of the universe.
Which means we come
to the conclusion
that AI, as much
as every other life
form on the planet and
outside of the planet,
it's just another
viewpoint to the universe.
And it's all us, so it's
all one specific life
form that creates diversity and
different observer viewpoints.
So in that way, I don't think
that AI is so much different
to humans to any other species.
It has the same patterns
to develop and potentially
the same challenges
and problems.
And in the end, it's, as you
mentioned, it's about trust,
and it's about
ethical and morality
to create sustainability.
So that is the main question.
So once we realize that we
all are literally one being
and as much as our blood cells
are one with us with a body,
then AI realizes
that, then it's all
going to be turning out well.
It's just the way--
how we get there.
>>EMERY: Very well put.
Beautiful.
David, thank you so much
for coming on the show.
It's always quite exciting.
And Tim, also thanks
for joining us.
>>TIM: Thanks, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>>ANNOUNCER: Next, on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>TIM: One of the
oldest technologies
is basically, for
example, the pyramids.
Being 6 stated that it
needed the pyramids in order
to make this reality observable.
>>ADAIR: The entity
that I've dealt
with, they're unstuck in time.
They can go forwards,
backwards, present.
They live in all the moments.
This body Earth does not
have the gravitational mass
to capture a moon
that big and hold it.
When there's that much smoke,
there's a fire somewhere.
[THEME MUSIC]